# EU PAS Adherence Website
This repository contains the source code for the "EU PAS Adherence" website, which was created using [11ty](https://www.11ty.dev/) and is based on the metadata of the [HMA-EMA RWD Studies Catalogue](https://catalogues.ema.europa.eu/) (short: Catalogue).

## General Information

This simple static website uses the Catalogue's metadata, stored in `/src/_data/funding.json` and `/src/_data/studies.json`, to generate its pages and display sponsor- and study-level statistics about adherence to legislation and recommendations regarding the publication of protocols and results of post-authorisation studies (PAS) registered in the EU.

> [!NOTE]
> `/src/_data/funding.json` and `/src/_data/studies.json` are generated by the `scrapy ema_rwd_statistic` command. See the other repository for more details!

Additionally, this website will aggregate information on the PAS status, the Risk Management Plan (RMP) in which the PAS is included, and the countries in which the PAS is conducted at a sponsor level.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `countries_manual.csv` file must be updated whenever the list of countries in the extracted dataset changes. However, this is not relevant here because we are only interested in a cross-section. However, this website could also be turned into a live website.

## Usage
If you want to run this project on your own machine, follow these steps:
* Clone the repository
* Install Node.js
* Finally run the following commands
  ```sh
  npm install
  npm run dev
  ``` 
  in the project directory
  - This will start a live server in the local network displaying the page

## Building
You can als run the following command to build the project
```sh
npm run build
```

This will output the files for the static website under `_site/`. 